docs: add server name tips and custom https port note (#368)
dunglas/symfony-docker: docs/build.md

If you use Mercure, keep `caddy:80` in the list to allow the PHP container to request the caddy service.

> *Tips : You can define your server name variable in your `.env` file to keep it at each up*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Tips: You can define your server name variable in your `.env` file to keep it at each up*
```

## Using custom HTTP ports

Use the environment variables `HTTP_PORT`, `HTTPS_PORT` and/or `HTTP3_PORT` to adjust the ports to your needs, e.g.

    HTTP_PORT=8000 HTTPS_PORT=4443 HTTP3_PORT=4443 docker compose up --build

to access your appplication on [https://localhost:4443](https://localhost:4443).

> *Note : Let's Encrypt ony supports the standard HTTP and HTTPS ports. Creating a LE certificate for another port will not work, you have to use the standard ports or to configure Caddy to use another provider.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Let's Encrypt only supports the standard HTTP and HTTPS ports. Creating a Let's Encrypt certificate for another port will not work, you have to use the standard ports or to configure Caddy to use another provider.*
```
